---
title: '面试 自我介绍'
date: '2019-12-04T19:10:33+08:00'
status: private
permalink: /%e9%9d%a2%e8%af%95-%e8%87%aa%e6%88%91%e4%bb%8b%e7%bb%8d
author: admin
excerpt: ''
type: post
id: 3020
category:
    - 未分类
tag: []
post_format: []
php_everywhere_code:
    - 'Just put [php_everywhere] where you want the code to be executed.'
    - 'Just put [php_everywhere] where you want the code to be executed.'
---
##### Self comment

6+ years of web front-end application development experience  
2 years with team experience  
4 years work experience in external foreign companies, half year experience in foreign trade industry  
Likes to solve problems, he has planned company group building activities and knowledge sharing for many times, and can complete product delivery under high pressure.  
Proficient in HTML / CSS / JavaScript for building web applications.  
Make good use of discovery to solve browser compatibility issues, and be familiar with Axure RP, Sketcher and other auxiliary implant application prototypes.  
Commonly use progressive enhancement / non-intrusive JavaScript, DRY, and similar ideas for development.  
Comprehensive and in-depth understanding of mainstream front-end technology stacks such as CSS3, HTML5, Http1.0 ~ 2.0, Javascript ES5 / ES6, Vue, etc.  
Familiar with MVC and other frameworks (Backbone) and related functional programming libraries (underscore) for development.  
Master page performance optimization principles and quickly debug and detect problems.  
Master popular IDE, workflow (Gulp / WebPack) and other tools for rapid development.

##### 姓名

 I’m Yang Jian Zhou. It is really my honor to get this opportunity for a interview. Now i will introduce myself briefly.

##### 教育背景

I was graduated from college. Majoring in Computer Network Technology. I got my College Degree after my graduation in the year of 2010.  
I spend most of my time on study, and i have acquired basic knowledge of my major during my school time.

##### 工作经历

In 2011, I started work as front-end developer in Jenyou company.  
And specialize skills in web reconstruction.Building microblog websites and community application by using JavaScript library or framework technologies.

For example: jquery is great ,It makes DOM manipulation painless and plays well with AJAX. It has Great community support.

Because I’d want to find a job which is more challenging, so I decided to change my job in 2013.Sohu changyou is a large company, I gain a lot of work experience back there. Mainly help product manager to built web application.

Including company product landing pages、product introduction web pages、Online broadcast application.So now i have a good understanding of front end MVC architectures, Experience using and developing RESTful APIs.Some of my relatives lived in canada ten years ago, and they hope i be able to immigrant to join them.

So I decide to quit my job and start to prepare to attend ielts test in 2016 March.   
i have finish test in june, and now i looking for a job position and Interesting in learning more about the industry as a front-end developer.  
Moreover, I have learn thhis is great opportunity to join a global professional services company .i assume i can provide my professional skills in here.